java c COMP90007 Internet Technologies Project 2 Semester 2, 2024 Task: Literature Review on QoS-aware Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks Weighting: 15% Due Date/Time: Group registration: October 4th (Friday) 5:00pm Report submission: October 18th (Friday) 5:00pm A penalty of 10% per day will be applied for every day after the due date. Task length: Maximum 8 pages for individual work, and 11 pages for group work, including figures, appendices, and references. The main text of the report, without figures, appendices, and references, is expected to be not less than 4 pages. Detailed formatting instructions are in the “Required Format” section. Submission: Submit as a PDF document via Canvas. Include your project title, your name(s), and student ID(s) on the submission. Task Purpose: You will be expected to keep up to date with developments as a professional in computing and information systems. The selected topic Quality of Service-aware Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks is currently generating much research interest in the field. This is an opportunity for you to practice identifying relevant papers, categorising developments in the field and comparing and critiquing them. By the end of the task, you will be able to: • Critically read and interpret a research article • Compare and contrast research findings • Write literature review of a given research topic Task Description: You will write a brief literature review on QoS-aware Routing in Wireless Sensor Networks. You can complete the work individually or in a group of 2 (max) of your own choice. If working in a group of 2, please register on Canvas before the group registration deadline. In the review, you are expected to include at least 5 papers in an individual submission or at least 10 papers if working in a group of 2. Scope: your literature review should focus on examining papers related to general network solutions, protocols, and architectures for this topic, rather than limiting the review to papers from a specific application domain (e.g. traffic).

The recommended structure for your review is: • Introduction (1 page) • Related work (3 pages - individual; 5 pages – group of 2) • Categorisation and comparison of key approaches, e.g. discussing advantages and disadvantages (1 page – individual; 2 pages – group of 2) • Conclusions and future directions (1 page) • References (IEEE style, 0.5-1 page) Notes: The length of each section is recommended, not mandatory. The main text of the report, without figures, appendices, and references, is expected to be not less than 4 pages. Required Format: Page size A4 with 2.54cm (1-inch) margins. Main text: 12-point Times New Roman font, single column with 1.5 line spacing References: using IEEE style consistently, single column with 1.0 line spacing Assessment Criteria: This project is worth 15 points. Your work will be assessed on: • Format and structure (2 points) • Range of papers included in the literature review (4 points) • Description/summary of the papers selected for the literature review (4 points) • Categorisation and comparison of papers/approaches, including a clear discussion supported by tables and/or figures (3 points) • Future directions and concluding discussion (2 points) Notes: (1) All explanations should be your own words and proper citations should be used when needed. Individuals/Teams should work independently of each other on this project, not sharing the information about papers you found with students outside your team. This is important because finding is apart of this experience. Your submissions will be examined for originality and will invoke the Uni代 写COMP90007 Internet Technologies Project 2 Semester 2, 2024SQL 代做程序编程语言versity’s Academic Misconduct policywhere either inappropriate level of collaboration or plagiarism are deemed to have taken place. (2) If in a group of 2, both members of the group should contribute equally to the task and will receive the same mark. If you feel the work has been unequal, report it to your tutors. This will be carefully reviewed, and mark adjustments maybe made if necessary.

Guidelines For a literature review, you are expected to not only list top papers in an area but also categorise these developments/approaches and compare/critique them. This is at the core of the literature review. A list of papers with comments only is called an “annotated bibliography” and is not the purpose of this project. You should categorise and compare approaches from various aspects such as memory usage, computation complexity, latency, and security. You can select other criteria for comparison, not restricted to the examples listed above. You should also consider using clear visualisations such as figures, flow charts, and tables to present different approaches and comparison.The topic we have chosen is something you would already be partially familiar with some of the algorithms you have already seen earlier in the semester. You should initially start reading Wikipedia articles, news, and similar webpages to get high level idea for what wireless sensor networks are and their typical QoS requirements. Then you should use scholar.google.com or similar scholarly publication search engines for performing a more detailed background search and do further reading on routing in wireless sensor networks. The number of citations a paper gets in scholar.google.com is an indicator about its leadership in the field. It is important to note that if you login to our library with your student credentials, you will be able to access papers that are returned by these engines for free of charge in most cases.You are encouraged to find other literature review papers (or called survey papers) that already exist in these topics. Find one that is recent and relevant. Better, find many and you will see authors look at similar but not the same set of algorithms/protocols. They may also have different classifications. These should give you an idea on what common/popular methods exist and what key comparison parameters you can have between solutions. They are also a good example on how to write literature review. However, you cannot use a literature review paper or a book as a sole source for your report and/or directly take their approach.The project is expected to be completed in 3-4 weeks in total. For example, the stages of your project can be summarised as: Background search/reading selected papers (should not take more than 10 days and can be done in 1 week), organisation of your report/drafting key points of your sections (1 week), finishing your report (1 week). When reading the papers, please note that a technical paper is not read like a novel, i.e., not read from cover to cover sequentially, but is read in a manner that you can quickly grasp the key ideas, benefits/disadvantages. This is enough for writing a literature review. For this project, we do not expect you to learn every paper in detail and be overly comprehensive about the topic but rather cover the key papers, classifications/parameters. Some useful links for literature review writing are below as reference: • https://students.unimelb.edu.au/academic-skills/explore-our-resources/report- writing/reviewing-the-literature • https://library.unimelb.edu.au/recite/referencing-styles/ieee

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com

